#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
astroid==2.7.2
    # via pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-acmpca==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-msk
aws-cdk.aws-apigateway==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-athena==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
aws-cdk.aws-cloud9==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-codebuild==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloud9
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-dax==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-dms==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-docdb==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloud9
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-eks==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-elasticache==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-elasticbeanstalk==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-emr==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-mediastore==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-msk==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-neptune==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-quicksight==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-rds==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-redshift==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.aws-wafv2==1.120.0
    # via cdk-nag
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
aws-cdk.core==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-athena
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloud9
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dax
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticache
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticbeanstalk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-emr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-quicksight
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-wafv2
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   cdk-nag
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.120.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl==1.120.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.region-info==1.120.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
bandit==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
black==21.7b0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cattrs==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsii
cdk-nag==0.0.56
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   safety
colorama==0.4.4
    # via radon
constructs==3.3.134
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-athena
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloud9
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dax
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticache
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticbeanstalk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-emr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-wafv2
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   cdk-nag
coverage==5.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
dparse==0.5.1
    # via safety
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-polyfill
flake8-polyfill==1.0.2
    # via radon
future==0.18.2
    # via radon
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via bandit
idna==3.2
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.7.1
    # via
    #   click
    #   flake8
    #   stevedore
isort==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
jsii==1.34.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-athena
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloud9
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dax
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticache
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticbeanstalk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-emr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-quicksight
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-wafv2
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   cdk-nag
    #   constructs
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
mando==0.6.4
    # via radon
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mypy==0.910
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   dparse
    #   safety
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via pylint
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-authorizers
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-athena
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloud9
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudtrail
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dax
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-docdb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticache
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticbeanstalk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-emr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-neptune
    #   aws-cdk.aws-quicksight
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-redshift
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-wafv2
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   cdk-nag
    #   constructs
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pylint==2.10.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsii
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   dparse
    #   xenon
radon==4.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   xenon
regex==2021.8.27
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   safety
    #   xenon
safety==1.10.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   mando
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==4.0.0
    # via gitdb
stevedore==3.4.0
    # via bandit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   dparse
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
tomli==1.2.1
    # via black
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   gitpython
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsii
    #   mypy
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via requests
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
xenon==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
zipp==3.5.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
